Sentence,Characters,Location,Sentiment
There were only two Americans stopping at the hotel.,,hotel,neutral
They did not know any of the people they passed on the stairs on their way to and from their room.,,stairs,neutral
Their room was on the second floor facing the sea.,,room,neutral
It also faced the public garden and the war monument.,,public garden,neutral
There were big palms and green benches in the public garden.,,public garden,neutral
In the good weather there was always an artist with his easel.,,public garden,neutral
Artists liked the way the palms grew and the bright colors of the hotels facing the gardens and the sea.,,public garden,positive
Italians came from a long way off to look up at the war monument.,,war monument,neutral
It was made of bronze and glistened in the rain.,,war monument,neutral
It was raining.,,weather,negative
The rain dripped from the palm trees.,,palm trees,neutral
Water stood in pools on the gravel paths.,,gravel paths,neutral
The sea broke in a long line in the rain and slipped back down the beach to come up and break again in a long line in the rain.,,sea,negative
The motor cars were gone from the square by the war monument.,,square,neutral
Across the square in the doorway of the cafe a waiter stood looking out of the empty square.,,square,neutral
The American wife stood at the window looking out.,,window,neutral
Outside right under their window a cat was crouched under one of the dripping green tables.,,window,positive
“I’m. going down and get that kitty” the American wife said.,,hotel,positive
“I’ll do it” her husband offered from the bed.,,hotel,neutral
“No I’ll get it. The poor kitty out trying to keep dry under a table.”,,positive
The husband went on reading lying propped up with the two pillows at the foot of the bed.,,bed,neutral
“Don’t get wet” he said.,,hotel,negative
The wife went downstairs and the hotel owner stood up and bowed to her as she passed the office.,,hotel,positive
His desk was at the far end of the office.,,hotel,neutral
He was an old man and very tall.,,hotel,neutral
“Il piove” the wife said. She liked the hotel-keeper.,hotel,positive
“Si si Signora brutto tempo. It is very bad weather.”,,negative
He stood behind his desk in the far end of the dim room.,,hotel,neutral
The wife liked him.,,hotel,positive
She liked the deadly serious way he received any complaints.,,hotel,positive
She liked the way he wanted to serve her.,,hotel,positive
She liked the way he felt about being a hotel-keeper.,,hotel,positive
She liked his old heavy face and big hands.,,hotel,positive
Liking him she opened the door and looked out.,,hotel,neutral
It was raining harder.,,weather,negative
A man in a rubber cape was crossing the empty square to the cafe.,,square,neutral
The cat would be around to the right.,,hotel,neutral
Perhaps she could go along under the eaves.,,hotel,neutral
As she stood in the door-way an umbrella opened behind her.,,doorway,neutral
It was the maid who looked after their room.,,maid,neutral
“You must not get wet” she smiled speaking Italian.,,maid,positive
Of course the hotel-keeper had sent her.,,hotel,neutral
With the maid holding the umbrella over her she walked along the gravel path until she was under their window.,,gravel path,neutral
The table was there washed bright green in the rain but the cat was gone.,,table,negative
She was suddenly disappointed.,,emotions,negative
The maid looked up at her.,,maid,neutral
“Ha perduto qualque cosa Signora?”,,maid,neutral
“There was a cat” said the American girl.,,window,positive
“A cat?”,,maid,neutral
“Si il gatto.”,,window,positive
“A cat?” the maid laughed. “A cat in the rain?”,,maid,neutral
“Yes” she said “under the table.” Then “Oh I wanted it so much. I wanted a kitty.”,,window,positive
When she talked English the maid’s face tightened.,,maid,negative
“Come Signira” she said. “We must get back inside. You will be wet.”,,maid,neutral
“I suppose so” said the American girl.,,window,neutral
They went back along the gravel path and passed in the door.,,gravel path,neutral
The maid stayed outside to close the umbrella.,,maid,neutral
As the American girl passed the office the padrone bowed from his desk.,,office,positive
Something felt very small and tight inside the girl.,,emotions,negative
The padrone made her feel very small and at the same time really important.,,padrone,neutral
She had a momentary feeling of being of supreme importance.,,emotions,positive
She went on up the stairs.,,stairs,neutral
She opened the door of the room.,,room,neutral
George was on the bed reading.,,bed,neutral
“Did you get the cat?” he asked putting the book down.,,hotel,neutral
“It was gone.”,,negative
“Wonder where it went to” he said resting his eyes from reading.,,hotel,neutral
She sat down on the bed.,,bed,neutral
“I wanted it so much” she said. “I don’t know why I wanted it so much. I wanted that poor kitty. It isn’t any fun to be a poor kitty out in the rain.”,,emotions,positive
George was reading again.,,bed,neutral
She went over and sat in front of the mirror of the dressing table looking at herself with the hand glass.,,mirror,neutral
She studied her profile first one side and then the other.,,mirror,neutral
Then she studied the back of her head and her neck.,,mirror,neutral
“Don’t you think it would be a good idea if I let my hair grow out?” she asked looking at her profile again.,,mirror,neutral
George looked up and saw the back of her neck clipped close like a boy’s.,,mirror,neutral
“I like it the way it is.”,,neutral
“I get so tired of it” she said. “I get so tired of looking like a boy.”,,emotions,negative
George shifted his position in the bed. He hadn’t looked away from her since she started to speak.,,bed,neutral
“You look pretty darn nice” he said.,,neutral
She laid the mirror down on the dresser and went over to the window and looked out.,,window,neutral
It was getting dark.,,weather,negative
“I want to pull my hair back tight and smooth and make a big knot at the back that I can feel” she said. “I want to have a kitty to sit on my lap and purr when I stroke her.”,,emotions,positive
“Yeah?” George said from the bed.,,bed,neutral
“And I want to eat at a table with my own silver and I want candles. And I want it to be spring and I want to brush my hair out in front of a mirror and I want a kitty and I want some new clothes.”,,emotions,positive
“Oh shut up and get something to read.” George said. He was reading again.,,bed,negative
His wife was looking out of the window.,,window,neutral
It was quite dark now and still raining in the palm trees.,,palm trees,negative
“Anyway I want a cat” she said “I want a cat. I want a cat now. If I can’t have long hair or any fun I can have a cat.”,,emotions,positive
George was not listening. He was reading his book.,,bed,neutral
His wife looked out of the window where the light had come on in the square.,,window,neutral
Someone knocked at the door.,,door,neutral
“Avanti” George said. He looked up from his book.,,door,neutral
In the doorway stood the maid.,,doorway,neutral
She held a big tortoise-shell cat pressed tight against her and swung down against her body.,,maid,positive
“Excuse me” she said “the padrone asked me to bring this for the Signora.”,,maid,positive